changed the cmdlet (#9099)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/evaluate-attack-surface-reduction.md

**Applies to:**

> * [Microsoft Defender for Endpoint](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2146631)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Microsoft Defender for Endpoint](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2146631)
```

> * [Microsoft Defender for Endpoint](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2146631)

Reviewer 2: This fwlink should not be changed. 2154037 is the correct location

> * [Microsoft Defender for Endpoint](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2146631)

Reviewer: Thanks, I didn't notice the number difference. Good job.

Enable attack surface reduction rules in audit mode to view a record of apps that would have been blocked if the feature was fully enabled. Test how the feature will work in your organization to ensure it doesn't affect your line-of-business apps. You can also get an idea of how often the rules will fire during normal use.

> To enable attack surface reduction rule in audit mode, use the following PowerShell cmdlet:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To enable an attack surface reduction rule in audit mode, use the following PowerShell cmdlet:
```

```PowerShell
Add-MpPreference -AttackSurfaceReductionRules_Ids <rule ID> -AttackSurfaceReductionRules_Actions AuditMode
```

> Where `<rule ID>` is a [GUID value of ASR rule](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/attack-surface-reduction#attack-surface-reduction-rules).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Where `<rule ID>` is a [GUID value of the attack surface reduction rule](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/attack-surface-reduction#attack-surface-reduction-rules).
```

Reviewer 4: Please use the short link I provided instead: attack-surface-reduction.md#attack-surface-reduction-rules

Reviewer: Combined suggestion, based on all 4 comments above:
```suggestion
Where `<rule ID>` is a [GUID value of the attack surface reduction rule](attack-surface-reduction.md#attack-surface-reduction-rules).
```
Using the local file link becomes very useful when the directory `/microsoft-defender-atp/` gets renamed to `/microsoft-defender-for-endpoint/` in the future.
